## Privacy Policy Justification Worksheet

Addison Chen

1. Briefly describe the website you built fo the project (its
   purpose/functionality/etc.)

PearCode is a collaborative coding application that allows users to
either work on their own or with other users to write code that can be
executed in the browser.


2. Identify the stakeholders (direct and indirect) whose interests are
   relevant to your website.

Users, companies who have employees who use the site, me, investors.


3. What data will you have access to, and what might this data reveal
   about its subjects?

I will have access to emails, social media accounts if those are
linked, names, code written and saved on the site.


4. What values are relevant to your website and its privacy policy?
   (Note that the relevant values will depend in part on the kind of
website you are building).

It is very important that the code stays private so that employers do
not prevent employees from using the site and possibly leaking
secrets. It is also important that some form of income will need to be
generated from account information and social media linking because
the website is free and has no ads.


5. What counts as “success” for the website you are building?

Success would be keeping the website self sustaining, where revenue
generated covers the cost of servers and maintenance. It will be an
easily accessable tool that is free for users and is not filled with
ads.


6. Describe how you took the relevant values into account in writing
   your privacy policy (e.g. what decisions and tradeoffs were made,
and why).
   
I made sure that it was clear that code stayed private and was not
sold or used to generate revenue in any form. This protects employers
and keeps the application usable for any project. I also made sure it
was clear that in order to support the project fincially, some revenue
must be made off of the data.

## Privacy Policy
# Last updated: April 12, 2021

This Privacy Policy will help you understand our procedures on the
collection, use, and disclosure of your information when you use
Pearcode.

We use personal data to provide and improve the service. By using the
webiste you agree to the collection and use of information in
accordance with this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change
this policy at any given time, at which you will be promptly updated.

# What User Data We Collect

When you visit the website, we may collect the following personally
identifiable data:

 - Email Address 
 - First name and last name
 - Phone number
 - Usage data
 - Account Linking

# Why We Collect Your Data

We collect your data for several reasons:

 - To implement important functionallity for our service.
 - To improve and maintain our service.
 - To provide continued support for our service.
 - To manage your account.
 - To send promotional emails containing information we think you will
   find interesting.
 - To analyze usage trends.
 - To evaluate our service and marketing.

# Safeguarding and Securing Code

PearCode is committed to keeping your code and work saved on the site
confidential and safeguarded. PearCode has done all in its power to
prevent data theft, unauthorized access, and disclosure by
implementing the latest technologies and software, with help us
safguard your code.

# Our Cookie Policy

Our website does not use cookies.

# Retention of Your Personal Data

PearCode will retain your personal data only for as long as it is
necessary for the purposes set out by this Privacy Policy. We will
retain and use your personal data to the extent necessary to comply
with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our legal
agreements and policies.

Pearcode will also retain usage data for internal analysis purposes.
Usage data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except
when the data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the
functionality of our service. We are legally obligated to retain this
data for longer periods of time.

# Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information is processed in any places where the parties involved
are located. This information may be transferred to and maintained on
computers located outside of your state or other governmental
jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those in
your jurisdiction.

PearCode will take all steps necessary to ensure that your data is
secured in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your
data will take place to a party unless there are adequate security
measures in place to protect and maintain the confidentiality of your
data.

# Security of Your Data

The security of your data is important to us, but no method of
transmission or electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to
use the latest advances in software to protect your data, we cannot
guarantee absolute security.

# Contact Us

If you have any questions or concerns with this Privacy Policy, please
contact us at help@pearcode.swoogity.com
